{
    "id": "dafcdb80629de7a2eaf5472f7a635098",
    "messages": [
        "73c5a25f18e5ff8b6e5bb2e35aea9e3d (16:04): Present+ Wonsuk_Lee",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:05): Topic: Review and tweak agenda",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:05): AB: the draft agenda was posted yesterday ( http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webapps/2010JulSep/0447.html ). The two specs on the agenda are Widget Interface and the Widget URI scheme. Any change requests?",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:05): RT: I would like to talk about Widget Updates spec",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:05): AB: ok, will add that to the end of the meeting",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:06): Topic: Announcements",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:06): AB: any short announcements today?",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:06): Topic: TWI spec: Action-568",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:06): AB: earlier this week discussion on openURL removal continued ( http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webapps/2010JulSep/0394.html )",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:07): AB: Bryan Sullivan had some comments",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:07): ... I was hoping Bryan would join today but he hasn't",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:07): AB: I believe Marcos position is very clear",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:07): ... he wants it removed from the spec",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:08): RB: as far as I am concerned, agree it is useful",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:08): ... but it is also problematic",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:08): ... Think it should be solved somewhere else",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:08): RT: yes, there is a complexity issue here",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:08): ... so I agree with Marcos and Robin",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:09): RB: if we remove it, we should be able to go straight to REC",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:09): AB: we could go to PR but not REC because of some dependency issues",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:09): RB: dependency on HTML5?",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:09): AB: yes that is one",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:10): AB: I also tend to agree with the arguments to remove the functionality",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:10): ... and defer to some other spec for equivalent functionality",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:11): AB: I'll start an explict CfC about removing this method from the spec",
        "56ef338f9fcf9452fc833a005325025e (16:11): +1",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:11): ... I'd like to make sure everyone has an opportunity to state their position",
        "88ef4ffb265c9d83a0dd918325d14bb0 (16:11): yep, sounds good",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:11): ACTION: barstow start a CfC about openURL and Action-568",
        "22813b6f9b851d152e2f2d99116de592 (16:11): noticed an ACTION. Trying to create it.",
        "22813b6f9b851d152e2f2d99116de592 (16:11): Created ACTION-569 - Start a CfC about openURL and Action-568 [on Arthur Barstow - due 2010-08-19].",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:11): AB: anything else on that topic for today?",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:12): [ No ]",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:12): Topic: URI Scheme spec",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:12): AB: it has been a while since we discussed the widget: scheme spec ( http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/2006/waf/widgets-uri/ )",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:12): AB: what's the status and plan?",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:12): RB: I still need to address some issues",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:12): ... I plan to make it a priority",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:13): ... hope to finish by the end of the month",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:13): ... I know the action items",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:13): AB: ok, great",
        "88ef4ffb265c9d83a0dd918325d14bb0 (16:14): nothing to report on that point",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:14): AB: does anyone have any implementation status for this spec?",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:14): RB: I found it easy to implement",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:14): AB: the spec says authors shouldn't use this scheme",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:14): ... so what's the use case",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:15): RB: when using the DOM, need to determine an absolute URI",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:15): ... so impls need it",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:15): ... it could also to lead to security hole if an implementor was to use something like a file: URI",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:15): ... at runtime it is needed",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:15): ... e.g. to reuse a web runtime engine",
        "88ef4ffb265c9d83a0dd918325d14bb0 (16:16): It's a very useful spec and I believe we require it for impl. down the line.",
        "88ef4ffb265c9d83a0dd918325d14bb0 (16:16): ...at Opera",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:16): AB: anything else on that spec?",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:16): RT: we use it for some projects",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:16): ... good to get rid of the file: issue",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:17): Topic: Widget Updates spec",
        "88ef4ffb265c9d83a0dd918325d14bb0 (16:17): widgets updates: http://dev.w3.org/2006/waf/widgets-updates/",
        "88ef4ffb265c9d83a0dd918325d14bb0 (16:17): :-)",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:17): RT: I've been working with Marcos on this spec",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:17): ... clarified update description",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:18): ... started an alogorithm to do the update",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:18): ... would like to get some feedback",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:18): AB: I haven't looked at the changes",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:18): RB: same here although I will do so shortly",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:19): RT: addresses comparing signatures for the installed widget and the update widget",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:19): ... so please do take a look",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:19): AB: to get broader review, it often helps to publish a new version",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:20): AB: when will it be ready for a new pub?",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:20): RT: I have another couple of weeks of work to do before it is ready",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:20): AB: ok, that sounds good",
        "88ef4ffb265c9d83a0dd918325d14bb0 (16:20): I want to clarify the Verification Process as it is largely just a placeholder at present",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:21): AB: perhaps we can put it on the agenda for the next call which is probably in 2 weeks",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:21): RT: any feedback now would be good",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:21): AB: I'll ask for internal review",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:22): AB: are there some existing protocols this functionality could be layered on?",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:22): ... e.g. the DM stuff from OMA",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:23): RT: yes, there is some existing work to consider",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:23): ... if you have related feedback, that would be useful",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:25): AB: anything else on Updates spec for today?",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:25): RT: not from me",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:25): Topic: AoB",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:25): AB: anything else for today?",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:25): AB: the bulk of the remaining work for the widget specs is test cases",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:26): ... and it is great to see that Opera is contributing in that area",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:26): ... e.g. DigSig tests and WARP tests",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:27): AB: next call will be August 26 if there is something to discuss otherwise, September 2",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:27): AB: let's continue to use public-webapps so that we can eliminate and/or shorten our voice conferences",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:27): AB: meeting adjourned",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27 (16:28): RRSAgent, make minutes"
    ],
    "person_ids": [
        "73c5a25f18e5ff8b6e5bb2e35aea9e3d",
        "4dd217ba7542bb00a127f682e2c3ad27",
        "56ef338f9fcf9452fc833a005325025e",
        "88ef4ffb265c9d83a0dd918325d14bb0",
        "22813b6f9b851d152e2f2d99116de592"
    ]
}